SUMMARY.md, before:

# Table of Content

### **Rails**
  + [Rails Assets](./docs/additional-reading/rails-assets.md)
  + [Rails Engine Integration](./docs/additional-reading/rails-engine-integration.md)
  + [Rails View Rendering from Inline JavaScript](./docs/additional-reading/rails_view_rendering_from_inline_javascript.md)
  + [RSpec Configuration](./docs/additional-reading/rspec-configuration.md)
  + [Turbolinks](./docs/additional-reading/turbolinks.md)
  + [React on Rails Internationalization (I18n)](https://github.com/shakacode/react_on_rails/blob/master/docs/basics/i18n.md)

### **Javascript**
  + [Node Dependencies, NPM, and Yarn](./docs/additional-reading/node-dependencies-and-npm.md)
  + [Babel](./docs/additional-reading/babel.md)
  + [React Router](./docs/additional-reading/react-router.md)
  + [React & Redux](./docs/additional-reading/react-and-redux.md)
  + [Webpack](./docs/additional-reading/webpack.md)
  + [Webpack Configuration](./docs/additional-reading/webpack.md)
  + [Webpack Cookbook](https://christianalfoni.github.io/react-webpack-cookbook/index.html)
  + [Developing with the Webpack Dev Server](docs/additional-reading/webpack-dev-server.md)
  + [Node Server Rendering](./docs/additional-reading/node-server-rendering.md)
  + [Server Rendering Tips](./docs/additional-reading/server-rendering-tips.md)
  + [Code Splitting](./docs/additional-reading/code-splitting.md)
  + [AngularJS Integration and Migration to React on Rails](./docs/additional-reading/angular-js-integration-migration.md)

### **Development**
  + [React on Rails Basic Installation Tutorial](./docs/tutorial.md)
  + [Installation Overview](./docs/basics/installation-overview.md)
  + [Migration from react-rails](./docs/basics/migrating-from-react-rails.md)
  + [Recommended Project Structure](./docs/additional-reading/recommended-project-structure.md)
  + [Generator Tips](./docs/basics/generator.md)
  + [Hot Reloading of Assets For Rails Development](./docs/additional-reading/hot-reloading-rails-development.md)
  + [Heroku Deployment](./docs/additional-reading/heroku-deployment.md)
  + [Updating Dependencies](./docs/additional-reading/updating-dependencies.md)

### **API**
  + [JavaScript API](./docs/api/javascript-api.md)
  + [Ruby API](./docs/api/ruby-api.md)
  + [Setting up Hot Reloading during Rails Development, API docs](./docs/api/ruby-api-hot-reload-view-helpers.md)

### **[CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)**
  + [Generator Testing](./docs/contributor-info/generator-testing.md)
  + [Linting](./docs/contributor-info/linters.md)
  + [Releasing](./docs/contributor-info/releasing.md)

### **Misc**
  + [Tips](./docs/additional-reading/tips.md)
  + [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)
  + [Projects](./PROJECTS.md)
  + [Shaka Code Style](./docs/coding-style/style.md)
  + [React on Rails, Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/justingordon/react-on-rails-v61)
  + [Code of Conduct](./docs/misc/code_of_conduct.md)
  + [The React on Rails Doctrine](https://medium.com/@railsonmaui/the-react-on-rails-doctrine-3c59a778c724)
  + [React on Rails, 2000+ 🌟 Stars](https://medium.com/shakacode/react-on-rails-2000-stars-32ff5cfacfbf#.6gmfb2gpy)

Commit message:

Adding rails assets relative paths doc (#750)

SUMMARY.md, after:

# Table of Content

### **Rails**
  + [Rails Assets](./docs/additional-reading/rails-assets.md)
  + [Rails Engine Integration](./docs/additional-reading/rails-engine-integration.md)
  + [Rails View Rendering from Inline JavaScript](./docs/additional-reading/rails_view_rendering_from_inline_javascript.md)
  + [RSpec Configuration](./docs/additional-reading/rspec-configuration.md)
  + [Turbolinks](./docs/additional-reading/turbolinks.md)
  + [React on Rails Internationalization (I18n)](https://github.com/shakacode/react_on_rails/blob/master/docs/basics/i18n.md)

### **Javascript**
  + [Node Dependencies, NPM, and Yarn](./docs/additional-reading/node-dependencies-and-npm.md)
  + [Babel](./docs/additional-reading/babel.md)
  + [React Router](./docs/additional-reading/react-router.md)
  + [React & Redux](./docs/additional-reading/react-and-redux.md)
  + [Webpack](./docs/additional-reading/webpack.md)
  + [Webpack Configuration](./docs/additional-reading/webpack.md)
  + [Webpack Cookbook](https://christianalfoni.github.io/react-webpack-cookbook/index.html)
  + [Developing with the Webpack Dev Server](docs/additional-reading/webpack-dev-server.md)
  + [Node Server Rendering](./docs/additional-reading/node-server-rendering.md)
  + [Server Rendering Tips](./docs/additional-reading/server-rendering-tips.md)
  + [Code Splitting](./docs/additional-reading/code-splitting.md)
  + [AngularJS Integration and Migration to React on Rails](./docs/additional-reading/angular-js-integration-migration.md)
  + [Webpack, the Asset Pipeline, and Using Assets w/ React](./docs/additional-reading/rails-assets-relative-paths.md)

### **Development**
  + [React on Rails Basic Installation Tutorial](./docs/tutorial.md)
  + [Installation Overview](./docs/basics/installation-overview.md)
  + [Migration from react-rails](./docs/basics/migrating-from-react-rails.md)
  + [Recommended Project Structure](./docs/additional-reading/recommended-project-structure.md)
  + [Generator Tips](./docs/basics/generator.md)
  + [Hot Reloading of Assets For Rails Development](./docs/additional-reading/hot-reloading-rails-development.md)
  + [Heroku Deployment](./docs/additional-reading/heroku-deployment.md)
  + [Updating Dependencies](./docs/additional-reading/updating-dependencies.md)

### **API**
  + [JavaScript API](./docs/api/javascript-api.md)
  + [Ruby API](./docs/api/ruby-api.md)
  + [Setting up Hot Reloading during Rails Development, API docs](./docs/api/ruby-api-hot-reload-view-helpers.md)

### **[CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)**
  + [Generator Testing](./docs/contributor-info/generator-testing.md)
  + [Linting](./docs/contributor-info/linters.md)
  + [Releasing](./docs/contributor-info/releasing.md)

### **Misc**
  + [Tips](./docs/additional-reading/tips.md)
  + [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)
  + [Projects](./PROJECTS.md)
  + [Shaka Code Style](./docs/coding-style/style.md)
  + [React on Rails, Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/justingordon/react-on-rails-v61)
  + [Code of Conduct](./docs/misc/code_of_conduct.md)
  + [The React on Rails Doctrine](https://medium.com/@railsonmaui/the-react-on-rails-doctrine-3c59a778c724)
  + [React on Rails, 2000+ 🌟 Stars](https://medium.com/shakacode/react-on-rails-2000-stars-32ff5cfacfbf#.6gmfb2gpy)
