docs/additional_reading/heroku_deployment.md, before:

# Heroku Deployment
The generator has created the necessary files and gems for deployment to Heroku. If you have installed manually, you will need to provide these files yourself:

+ `Procfile`: used by Heroku and Foreman to start the server
+ `.buildpacks`: used to install Ruby and Node environments
+ `12factor` gem: required by Heroku
+ `lib/tasks/assets.rake`: rake task that generates your JavaScript bundles for production.

## How to Deploy

React on Rails requires both a ruby environment (for Rails) and a Node environment (for Webpack), so you will need to have Heroku use multiple buildpacks. Currently, we would suggest using [DDollar's Heroku Buildpack Multi](https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-buildpack-multi).

Assuming you have downloaded and installed the Heroku command-line utility and have initialized the app, you will need to tell Heroku to use Heroku Buildpack Multi via the command-line:

```
heroku buildpacks:set https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-multi
```

Heroku will now be able to use the multiple buildpacks specified in `.buildpacks`. 

Note, an alternative approach is to use the [Heroku Toolbelt to set buildpacks](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/using-multiple-buildpacks-for-an-app).

Commit message:

Add Puma to Heroku Deployment generator and disable generator by default

docs/additional_reading/heroku_deployment.md, after:

# Heroku Deployment
The generator has created the necessary files and gems for deployment to Heroku. If you have installed manually, you will need to provide these files yourself:

+ `Procfile`: used by Heroku and Foreman to start the Puma server
+ `.buildpacks`: used to install Ruby and Node environments
+ `12factor` gem: required by Heroku
+ `'puma'` gem: recommended Heroku webserver
+ `config/puma.rb`: Puma webserver config file
+ `lib/tasks/assets.rake`: This rake task file is provided by the generator regardless of whether the user chose Heroku Deployment as an option. It is highlighted here because it is helpful to understand that this task is what generates your JavaScript bundles in production.

## How to Deploy

React on Rails requires both a ruby environment (for Rails) and a Node environment (for Webpack), so you will need to have Heroku use multiple buildpacks. Currently, we would suggest using [DDollar's Heroku Buildpack Multi](https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-buildpack-multi).

Assuming you have downloaded and installed the Heroku command-line utility and have initialized the app, you will need to tell Heroku to use Heroku Buildpack Multi via the command-line:

```
heroku buildpacks:set https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-multi
```

Heroku will now be able to use the multiple buildpacks specified in `.buildpacks`. 

Note, an alternative approach is to use the [Heroku Toolbelt to set buildpacks](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/using-multiple-buildpacks-for-an-app).
