docs/additional_reading/turbolinks.md, before:

# Turbolinks

* See [Turbolinks on Github](https://github.com/rails/turbolinks)
* Currently support 2.5.x of Turbolinks. We plan to update to Turbolinks 5 soon.

## Why Turbolinks?
As you switch between Rails HTML controller requests, you will only load the HTML and you will 
not reload JavaScript and stylesheets. This definitely can make an app perform better, even if 
the JavaScript and stylesheets are cached by the browser, as they will still require parsing.

### Install Checklist
1. Include the gem "turbolinks".
1. Included the proper "track" tags when you include the javascript and stylesheet:
  ```erb
    <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'application', media: 'all', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %>
    <%= javascript_include_tag 'application', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %>
  ```
1. Add turbolinks to your `application.js` file:
   ```javascript
   //= require turbolinks
   ```
   
## Troubleshooting

You cans set a global debug flag in your `application.js` to turn on tracing of Turbolinks events
as they pertain to React on Rails.

1. Add this line to your `application.js`:
   ```javascript
   //= require testGlobals
   ```
2. Initialie the global debug value of `DEBUG_TURBOLINKS` like this:
   ```javascript
   window.DEBUG_TURBOLINKS = true;
   console.log('window.DEBUG_TURBOLINKS = true;');
   ```
   
This will print out events related to the initialization of the components created with the view 
helper `react_component`.

Commit message:

Fix rendering in non-Turbolink apps and improve Turbolink docs
- React components were not being rendered because of a double
nesting of event handlers when React on Rails did not detect
that Turbolinks was installed. This has been fixed.
- Add `debug_turbolinks` helper file so that the user can simply
require their file in their application.js file to debug turbolinks.
Documentation has been improved to show how to do this.
- Add section to turbolinks troubleshooting documentation recommending
that users use the node package versions of jQuery and jQuery-ujs.
- Add testing of dummy app with Turbolinks disabled
- Update changelog

docs/additional_reading/turbolinks.md, after:

# Turbolinks

* See [Turbolinks on Github](https://github.com/rails/turbolinks)
* Currently support 2.5.x of Turbolinks. We plan to update to Turbolinks 5 soon.

## Why Turbolinks?
As you switch between Rails HTML controller requests, you will only load the HTML and you will
not reload JavaScript and stylesheets. This definitely can make an app perform better, even if
the JavaScript and stylesheets are cached by the browser, as they will still require parsing.

### Install Checklist
1. Include the gem "turbolinks".
1. Included the proper "track" tags when you include the javascript and stylesheet:
  ```erb
    <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'application', media: 'all', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %>
    <%= javascript_include_tag 'application', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %>
  ```
1. Add turbolinks to your `application.js` file:
   ```javascript
   //= require turbolinks
   ```

## Troubleshooting
To turn on tracing of Turbolinks events, require `debug_turbolinks` (provided by ReactOnRails) inside of `app/assets/javascripts/application.js` **at the beginning of the file**. This will print out events related to the initialization of the components created with the view helper `react_component`.

We've noticed that Turbolinks doesn't work if you use the ruby gem version of jQuery and jQuery ujs. Therefore we recommend using the node packages instead. See the [tutorial app](https://github.com/shakacode/react-webpack-rails-tutorial) for how to accomplish this.
