docs/additional-reading/rails-assets.md, before:

# Rails assets and the Extract Text Plugin

The [Webpack file loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader) copies referenced files to
the destination output directory, with an MD5 hash. The other term for this is a "digest".

> By default the filename of the resulting file is the MD5 hash of the file's contents with
the original extension of the required resource.

The most common use cases for Webpack processed files are images used for backgrounds in
CSS and fonts for CSS. However, this applies to any file that might be processed using the
Webpack file loader.

## The Problem
To understand the problem, it helps to read this article: 
[What is fingerprinting and why should I care](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/asset_pipeline.html#what-is-fingerprinting-and-why-should-i-care-questionmark)
Basically, when Rails prepares assets for production deployments, it also adds a digest
to the file names. E.g., `img1.jpg` becomes `img1-dbu097452jf2v2.jpg`. 

When compiling its native css Rails transforms all urls and links to digested 
versions, i.e. `background-image: image-url(img1.jpg)` becomes 
`background-image: url(img1-dbu097452jf2v2.jpg)`. However this doesn't happen for js and 
css files compiled by webpack on the client side, because they don't use 
`image-url` and `asset-url`. Without some fix, these assets would fail to load.

When Webpack's client JavaScript uses images in render methods, e.g. `<img src='...' />` or 
in css, e.g. `background-image: url(...)` The code (such as the CSS) generated by the Webpack
will have the Webpack digested name (MD5 hash). Since the Webpack generated CSS expects
just one level of "digesting", this "double-digesting" from Rails will cause such these assets
fail to load. 

## The Solution: Symlink Original File Names to New File Names
React on Rails creates symlinks of non-digested versions (original webpack digested file names) 
to the Rails deployed digested versions when doing a Rails assets compile. The solution is 
implemented using `assets:precompile` after-hook in 
file [lib/tasks/assets.rake](../../lib/tasks/assets.rake)
The assets for symlinking are defined by `config.symlink_non_digested_assets_regex` in 
`config/initializers/react_on_rails.rb`.

## Disabling the Symlinking
To disable symlinks set this parameter to `nil`.


## Example from /spec/dummy

If you run

```
cd spec/dummy
RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile
rails s -e production
```

You will see this. This shows how the file names output by rails. Note the original names after
being processed by Webpack are just MD5's.

```
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.301981 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/server-bundle-42935dea382802a27e91b7df444a2813f74b4e6a0fce5606d863aaa10c0623d7.js
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.305649 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/server-bundle-42935dea382802a27e91b7df444a2813f74b4e6a0fce5606d863aaa10c0623d7.js.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.370390 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-dfa728160c3cdebc633c2f6fb3823411530b307044f4dfe460790eef00b4e421.js
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.370566 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-dfa728160c3cdebc633c2f6fb3823411530b307044f4dfe460790eef00b4e421.js.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.372895 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-17ed778d5061d4797556632b7bfbf405e067d9e7f140060a7f56a09788251f16.css
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.373012 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-17ed778d5061d4797556632b7bfbf405e067d9e7f140060a7f56a09788251f16.css.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.374531 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.374818 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.392207 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef-033650e1d6193b70d59bb60e773f47b6d9aefdd56abc7ccdba3c7bed4e57ccad.png
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.393208 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76-877bde3739dc7080c3fb00ee9012db6f21ed0dbbf11cd596dbb6e1a35bfb71f9.png
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.395490 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.395846 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.396979 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.397669 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.399261 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.399660 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef-033650e1d6193b70d59bb60e773f47b6d9aefdd56abc7ccdba3c7bed4e57ccad.png to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef.png
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76-877bde3739dc7080c3fb00ee9012db6f21ed0dbbf11cd596dbb6e1a35bfb71f9.png to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76.png
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa.ttf
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa.ttf.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056.svg
```

Commit message:

Adding rails assets relative paths doc (#750)

docs/additional-reading/rails-assets.md, after:

# Rails assets and the Extract Text Plugin

The [Webpack file loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader) copies referenced files to
the destination output directory, with an MD5 hash. The other term for this is a "digest".

> By default the filename of the resulting file is the MD5 hash of the file's contents with
the original extension of the required resource.

The most common use cases for Webpack processed files are images used for backgrounds in
CSS and fonts for CSS. However, this applies to any file that might be processed using the
Webpack file loader.

## The Problem
To understand the problem, it helps to read this article: 
[What is fingerprinting and why should I care](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/asset_pipeline.html#what-is-fingerprinting-and-why-should-i-care-questionmark)
Basically, when Rails prepares assets for production deployments, it also adds a digest
to the file names. E.g., `img1.jpg` becomes `img1-dbu097452jf2v2.jpg`. 

When compiling its native css Rails transforms all urls and links to digested 
versions, i.e. `background-image: image-url(img1.jpg)` becomes 
`background-image: url(img1-dbu097452jf2v2.jpg)`. However this doesn't happen for js and 
css files compiled by webpack on the client side, because they don't use 
`image-url` and `asset-url`. Without some fix, these assets would fail to load.

When Webpack's client JavaScript uses images in render methods, e.g. `<img src='...' />` or 
in css, e.g. `background-image: url(...)` The code (such as the CSS) generated by the Webpack
will have the Webpack digested name (MD5 hash). Since the Webpack generated CSS expects
just one level of "digesting", this "double-digesting" from Rails will cause such these assets
fail to load.

_If you are interested in learning how to use assets in your React components, read this doc: [Webpack, the Asset Pipeline, and Using Assets w/ React](./rails-assets-relative-paths.md)._

## The Solution: Symlink Original File Names to New File Names
React on Rails creates symlinks of non-digested versions (original webpack digested file names) 
to the Rails deployed digested versions when doing a Rails assets compile. The solution is 
implemented using `assets:precompile` after-hook in 
file [lib/tasks/assets.rake](../../lib/tasks/assets.rake)
The assets for symlinking are defined by `config.symlink_non_digested_assets_regex` in 
`config/initializers/react_on_rails.rb`.

## Disabling the Symlinking
To disable symlinks set this parameter to `nil`.


## Example from /spec/dummy

If you run

```
cd spec/dummy
RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile
rails s -e production
```

You will see this. This shows how the file names output by rails. Note the original names after
being processed by Webpack are just MD5's.

```
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.301981 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/server-bundle-42935dea382802a27e91b7df444a2813f74b4e6a0fce5606d863aaa10c0623d7.js
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.305649 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/server-bundle-42935dea382802a27e91b7df444a2813f74b4e6a0fce5606d863aaa10c0623d7.js.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.370390 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-dfa728160c3cdebc633c2f6fb3823411530b307044f4dfe460790eef00b4e421.js
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.370566 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-dfa728160c3cdebc633c2f6fb3823411530b307044f4dfe460790eef00b4e421.js.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.372895 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-17ed778d5061d4797556632b7bfbf405e067d9e7f140060a7f56a09788251f16.css
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.373012 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/application_static-17ed778d5061d4797556632b7bfbf405e067d9e7f140060a7f56a09788251f16.css.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.374531 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.374818 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.392207 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef-033650e1d6193b70d59bb60e773f47b6d9aefdd56abc7ccdba3c7bed4e57ccad.png
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.393208 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76-877bde3739dc7080c3fb00ee9012db6f21ed0dbbf11cd596dbb6e1a35bfb71f9.png
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.395490 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.395846 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.396979 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.397669 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg.gz
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.399261 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg
I, [2016-07-17T23:46:56.399660 #77382]  INFO -- : Writing /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756-ab14eebb171a9a5c9bfdeb2f88933d2dc4904ea8bb09444984e52b13d230e251.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/2ac2dd94f9b7e54292f6d051f1e4e756.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef-033650e1d6193b70d59bb60e773f47b6d9aefdd56abc7ccdba3c7bed4e57ccad.png to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/5cf5db49df178f9357603f945752a1ef.png
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76-877bde3739dc7080c3fb00ee9012db6f21ed0dbbf11cd596dbb6e1a35bfb71f9.png to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/8970f5e1e92aea933b502a2d73976b76.png
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa.ttf
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa-6d1ab3741d5a164dc2aab48bb74429aebe2e2e29606feca581081697624dc18c.ttf.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/ecb4572a5e478b107dfcb60c16a7eefa.ttf.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0-5731789fd0d7847a582b52b55a83e7a0ad4684acd5a9b487557635a08c112d0e.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fbd0d00cc9b670f05c17893a40da08d0.svg.gz
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056.svg
React On Rails: Symlinking /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056-efba50c701b697fc8160603b9e876adcf47511f35af68701db285272c965a45f.svg.gz to /Users/justin/shakacode/react_on_rails/spec/dummy/public/assets/fc2dcaaf2057331ff76c5d37e1aa7056.svg
```
