docs/contributing.md, before:

# Tips for Contributors
*See [Releasing](../releasing.md) for instructions on releasing.*

* After Syncing, to prepare all examples and run all tests

```
bundle && npm i && rake examples:prepare_all && rake symlink_node_package && rake
```


# IDE/IDE SETUP
It's critical to configure your IDE/editor to ignore certain directories. Otherwise your IDE might slow to a crawl!

* /coverage
* /tmp
* /gen-examples
* /node_package/lib
* /node_modules
* /spec/dummy/app/assets/javascripts/generated
* /spec/dummy/log
* /spec/dummy/node_modules
* /spec/dummy/tmp
* /spec/react_on_rails/dummy-for-generators

# Configuring your test app to use your local fork

## Ruby Gem
If you want to test the gem with an application before you release a new version of the gem, you can specify the path to your local version via your test app's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "react_on_rails", path: "../path-to-react-on-rails"
```

Note that you will need to bundle install after making this change, but also that **you will need to restart your Rails application if you make any changes to the gem**.

## NPM for react-on-rails
First, be **sure** to build the NPM package

```sh
npm i
npm run build
```

Use a relative path in your `package.json`, like this:
```sh
cd client
npm install --save "react-on-rails@../../react_on_rails"
```

When you use a relative path, be sure to run the above `npm install` command whenever you change the node package for react-on-rails.

Wihle we'd prefer to us `npm link`, we get errors. If you can figure out how to get `npm link react-on-rails` to work with this project, please file an issue or PR! This used to work with babel 5.

This is the error:

```
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 | ERROR in /react_on_rails/node_package/lib/ReactOnRails.js
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 | Module build failed: ReferenceError: Unknown plugin "react-transform" specified in "base" at 0, attempted to resolve relative to "/react_on_rails/node_package/lib"
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at /react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:193:17
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Array.map (native)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Function.normalisePlugins (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:173:20)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at OptionManager.mergeOptions (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:271:36)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at OptionManager.init (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:416:10)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at File.initOptions (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/index.js:191:75)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at new File (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/index.js:122:22)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Pipeline.transform (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/pipeline.js:42:16)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at transpile (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-loader/index.js:14:22)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Object.module.exports (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-loader/index.js:88:12)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |  @ ./app/bundles/comments/startup/clientRegistration.jsx 15:20-45
```

# Development Setup for Gem and Node Package Contributors

## Checklist before Committing
1. `rake`: runs all linters and specs (you need Docker setup, see below)
2. Did you need any more tests for your change?
3. Did you document your change? Update the README.md?

## Dev Initial Setup

### Prereqs
After checking out the repo, making sure you have rvm and nvm setup (setup ruby and node), cd to `spec/dummy` and run `bin/setup` to install ruby dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

Additionally, our RSpec tests use the poltergeist web driver. You will need to install the poltergeist node module:

```sh
npm install -g poltergeist
```

### NPM link
Because the example and dummy apps rely on the react-on-rails node package, they should link directly to your local version to pick up any changes you may have made to that package. To achieve this, switch to the app's root directory and run:

```sh
npm run symlink_node_package
```

From now on, the example and dummy apps will use your local node_package folder as the react-on-rails node package. This will also be done automatically for you via the `rake examples:prepare_all` rake task.

*Side note: It's critical to use the alias section of the webpack config to avoid a double inclusion error. This has already been done for you in the example and dummy apps, but for reference:*

```js
  resolve: {
    alias: {
      react: path.resolve('./node_modules/react'),
    },
  },
```

### Install NPM dependencies and build the NPM package for react-on-rails

```sh
cd <top level>
npm i
npm build
```

Or run this which builds the npm package, then the webpack files for spec/dummy, and runs tests in
spec/dummy.


```sh
# Optionally change default selenium_firefox driver
export DRIVER=poltergeist
cd <top level>
npm dummy:spec
```

### Run NPM JS tests

```sh
cd <top level>
npm test
```

### Run spec/dummy tests

```sh
cd spec/dummy
npm run test
```

### Run most tests and linting

```sh
cd <top level>
node_package/scripts/ci
```

### Starting the Dummy App
To run the test app, it's **CRITICAL** to not just run `rails s`. You have to run `foreman start`. If you don't do this, then `webpack` will not generate a new bundle, and you will be seriously confused when you change JavaScript and the app does not change. If you change the webpack configs, then you need to restart foreman. If you change the JS code for react-on-rails, you need to run `node_package/scripts/build`. Since the react-on-rails package should be sym linked, you don't have to `npm i react-on-rails` after every change.

### RSpec Testing
Run `rake` for testing the gem and `spec/dummy`. Otherwise, the `rspec` command only works for testing within the sample apps, like `spec/dummy`.

If you run `rspec` at the top level, you'll see this message: `require': cannot load such file -- rails_helper (LoadError)`

After running a test, you can view the coverage results SimpleCov reports by opening `coverage/index.html`.

### Debugging
Start the sample app like this for some debug printing:

```sh
TRACE_REACT_ON_RAILS=true && foreman start
```

### Install Generator
In your Rails app add this gem with a path to your fork.

```ruby
gem 'react_on_rails', path: '../relative/path/to/react_on_rails'
```

The main installer can be run with ```rails generate react_on_rails:install```

### Testing the Generator
The generators are covered by generator tests using Rails's generator testing helpers, but it never hurts to do a sanity check and explore the API. See [generator_testing_script.md](generator_testing_script.md) for a script on how to run the generator on a fresh project.

### Linting
All linting is performed from the docker container for CI. You will need docker and docker-compose installed locally to lint code changes via the lint container. You can lint locally by running `node_package/scripts/lint`

* [Install Docker Toolbox for Mac](https://www.docker.com/toolbox)
* [Install Docker Compose for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

Once you have docker and docker-compose running locally, run `docker-compose build lint`. This will build the `reactonrails_lint` docker image and docker-compose `lint` container. The initial build is slow, but after the install, startup is very quick.

### Linting Commands
Run `rake lint`. 

Alternately with Docker:

Run `rake -D docker` to see all docker linting commands for rake. `rake docker:lint` will run all linters. For individual rake linting commands please refer to `rake -D docker` for the list.

You can run specific linting for directories or files by using `docker-compose run lint rubocop (file path or directory)`, etc.

`docker-compose run lint bash` sets you up to run from the container command line.

### Docker CI - Test and Linting
Docker CI and Tests containers have a xvfd server automatically started for headless browser testing with selenium and Firefox.

Run `docker-compose build ci` to build the CI container. Run `docker-compose run ci` to start all rspec tests and linting. `docker-compose run --entrypoint=/bin/bash` will override the default CI action and place you inside the CI container in a bash session. This is what is run on Travis-CI.

Run `docker-compose build tests` to build the tests container. Run `docker-compose run tests` to start all RSpec tests.

Commit message:

Add Turbolinks 5 Support
- Add version check by using feature detection.
- Add a new rake task that runs the dummy app with Turbolinks 5
- Update travis config to install Turbolinks 5
- Use explicit turbolinks classic version(2.5.3)
- Update turbolinks and contributing doc

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Tips for Contributors
*See [Releasing](../releasing.md) for instructions on releasing.*

* After Syncing, to prepare all examples and run all tests

```
bundle && npm i && rake examples:prepare_all && rake symlink_node_package && rake
```


# IDE/IDE SETUP
It's critical to configure your IDE/editor to ignore certain directories. Otherwise your IDE might slow to a crawl!

* /coverage
* /tmp
* /gen-examples
* /node_package/lib
* /node_modules
* /spec/dummy/app/assets/javascripts/generated
* /spec/dummy/log
* /spec/dummy/node_modules
* /spec/dummy/tmp
* /spec/react_on_rails/dummy-for-generators

# Configuring your test app to use your local fork

## Ruby Gem
If you want to test the gem with an application before you release a new version of the gem, you can specify the path to your local version via your test app's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "react_on_rails", path: "../path-to-react-on-rails"
```

Note that you will need to bundle install after making this change, but also that **you will need to restart your Rails application if you make any changes to the gem**.

## NPM for react-on-rails
First, be **sure** to build the NPM package

```sh
npm i
npm run build
```

Use a relative path in your `package.json`, like this:
```sh
cd client
npm install --save "react-on-rails@../../react_on_rails"
```

When you use a relative path, be sure to run the above `npm install` command whenever you change the node package for react-on-rails.

Wihle we'd prefer to us `npm link`, we get errors. If you can figure out how to get `npm link react-on-rails` to work with this project, please file an issue or PR! This used to work with babel 5.

This is the error:

```
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 | ERROR in /react_on_rails/node_package/lib/ReactOnRails.js
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 | Module build failed: ReferenceError: Unknown plugin "react-transform" specified in "base" at 0, attempted to resolve relative to "/react_on_rails/node_package/lib"
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at /react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:193:17
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Array.map (native)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Function.normalisePlugins (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:173:20)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at OptionManager.mergeOptions (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:271:36)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at OptionManager.init (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/options/option-manager.js:416:10)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at File.initOptions (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/index.js:191:75)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at new File (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/file/index.js:122:22)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Pipeline.transform (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-core/lib/transformation/pipeline.js:42:16)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at transpile (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-loader/index.js:14:22)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |     at Object.module.exports (/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/client/node_modules/babel-loader/index.js:88:12)
16:34:11 rails-client-assets.1 |  @ ./app/bundles/comments/startup/clientRegistration.jsx 15:20-45
```

# Development Setup for Gem and Node Package Contributors

## Checklist before Committing
1. `rake`: runs all linters and specs (you need Docker setup, see below)
2. Did you need any more tests for your change?
3. Did you document your change? Update the README.md?

## Dev Initial Setup

### Prereqs
After checking out the repo, making sure you have rvm and nvm setup (setup ruby and node), cd to `spec/dummy` and run `bin/setup` to install ruby dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

Additionally, our RSpec tests use the poltergeist web driver. You will need to install the poltergeist node module:

```sh
npm install -g poltergeist
```

### NPM link
Because the example and dummy apps rely on the react-on-rails node package, they should link directly to your local version to pick up any changes you may have made to that package. To achieve this, switch to the app's root directory and run:

```sh
npm run symlink_node_package
```

From now on, the example and dummy apps will use your local node_package folder as the react-on-rails node package. This will also be done automatically for you via the `rake examples:prepare_all` rake task.

*Side note: It's critical to use the alias section of the webpack config to avoid a double inclusion error. This has already been done for you in the example and dummy apps, but for reference:*

```js
  resolve: {
    alias: {
      react: path.resolve('./node_modules/react'),
    },
  },
```

### Install NPM dependencies and build the NPM package for react-on-rails

```sh
cd <top level>
npm i
npm build
```

Or run this which builds the npm package, then the webpack files for spec/dummy, and runs tests in
spec/dummy.


```sh
# Optionally change default selenium_firefox driver
export DRIVER=poltergeist
cd <top level>
npm dummy:spec
```

### Run NPM JS tests

```sh
cd <top level>
npm test
```

### Run spec/dummy tests

```sh
cd spec/dummy
npm run test
```

### Run most tests and linting

```sh
cd <top level>
node_package/scripts/ci
```

### Starting the Dummy App
To run the test app, it's **CRITICAL** to not just run `rails s`. You have to run `foreman start`. If you don't do this, then `webpack` will not generate a new bundle, and you will be seriously confused when you change JavaScript and the app does not change. If you change the webpack configs, then you need to restart foreman. If you change the JS code for react-on-rails, you need to run `node_package/scripts/build`. Since the react-on-rails package should be sym linked, you don't have to `npm i react-on-rails` after every change.

### RSpec Testing
Run `rake` for testing the gem and `spec/dummy`. Otherwise, the `rspec` command only works for testing within the sample apps, like `spec/dummy`.

If you run `rspec` at the top level, you'll see this message: `require': cannot load such file -- rails_helper (LoadError)`

After running a test, you can view the coverage results SimpleCov reports by opening `coverage/index.html`.

To test `spec/dummy` against Turbolinks 5, install the gem by running `ENABLE_TURBOLINKS_5=TRUE bundle install` in the `spec/dummy` directory before running `rake`.

### Debugging
Start the sample app like this for some debug printing:

```sh
TRACE_REACT_ON_RAILS=true && foreman start
```

### Install Generator
In your Rails app add this gem with a path to your fork.

```ruby
gem 'react_on_rails', path: '../relative/path/to/react_on_rails'
```

The main installer can be run with ```rails generate react_on_rails:install```

### Testing the Generator
The generators are covered by generator tests using Rails's generator testing helpers, but it never hurts to do a sanity check and explore the API. See [generator_testing_script.md](generator_testing_script.md) for a script on how to run the generator on a fresh project.

### Linting
All linting is performed from the docker container for CI. You will need docker and docker-compose installed locally to lint code changes via the lint container. You can lint locally by running `node_package/scripts/lint`

* [Install Docker Toolbox for Mac](https://www.docker.com/toolbox)
* [Install Docker Compose for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

Once you have docker and docker-compose running locally, run `docker-compose build lint`. This will build the `reactonrails_lint` docker image and docker-compose `lint` container. The initial build is slow, but after the install, startup is very quick.

### Linting Commands
Run `rake lint`.

Alternately with Docker:

Run `rake -D docker` to see all docker linting commands for rake. `rake docker:lint` will run all linters. For individual rake linting commands please refer to `rake -D docker` for the list.

You can run specific linting for directories or files by using `docker-compose run lint rubocop (file path or directory)`, etc.

`docker-compose run lint bash` sets you up to run from the container command line.

### Docker CI - Test and Linting
Docker CI and Tests containers have a xvfd server automatically started for headless browser testing with selenium and Firefox.

Run `docker-compose build ci` to build the CI container. Run `docker-compose run ci` to start all rspec tests and linting. `docker-compose run --entrypoint=/bin/bash` will override the default CI action and place you inside the CI container in a bash session. This is what is run on Travis-CI.

Run `docker-compose build tests` to build the tests container. Run `docker-compose run tests` to start all RSpec tests.
